EntityNames (#522)
decentraland/documentation: content/creator/scene-editor/smart-items/combine-with-code.md

{{< /hint >}}

## Reference an item

When using the Creator Hub and adding entities by dragging them into the canvas, each entity has a unique name. Use the
`engine.getEntityOrNullByName()` function to reference one of these entities from your code.

Use the `EntityNames` enum to easily access the names of the entities that you added via the Creator Hub, or write the name as a string as written on the scene's entity tree view in the Scene Editor.

```ts
import { EntityNames } from '../assets/scene/entity-names'

function main() {

	// Use the EntityNames enum
	const door1 = engine.getEntityOrNullByName(EntityNames.Door_1)

	// Write the name as a string
	const door2 = engine.getEntityOrNullByName('Door 2')

	// Ensure both doors exsist in the scene
	(if door1 && door2){
		// 
	}

}
```

<img src="/images/editor/door-names.png" width="600" />

> The `EntityNames`enum contains the full list of entities added by on Creator Hub and is updated imediately as soon as you make any changes on the Creator Hub. If you write `EntityNames.` into your code, your IDE will present you with a dropdown including all the names of the entities available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EntityNames` enum contains the full list of entities added by the Creator Hub and is updated immediately as soon as you make any changes.
If you import `EntityNames.` into your code, your IDE will present you with a dropdown including all the names of the entities available.
```
